Update customize.md (#2161)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-assistant/customize.md

2. Click **Ignore**, select an **Ignore reason**, and provide **Comments** on why you're triaging the finding as **Ignore**.
3. Click **Ignore**. Assistant attempts to create a memory with the information you provide. If Assistant successfully creates a memory for you, you'll see a link to the list of memories for your organization in the dialog that appears.

### Receive memory suggestions from Assistant

> Semgrep Assistant can also suggest memories based on the triage feedback it receives from you. It can start suggesting memories from the very first triage feedback it receives, though it may sometimes take more feedback cycles depending on the finding's unique context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep Assistant also suggests memories based on the triage feedback it receives from you. It can start suggesting memories from the very first triage feedback it receives, or it may generate feedback from multiple pieces of feedback, depending on the level of detail in the feedback and the finding's unique context.
```

- If you are an **admin** user, Assistant immediately tries to generate and **activate** a memory.
- If you are a non-admin user, such as a manager, Assistant creates a **suggested** memory, that needs an admin to activate it. 

:::tip

> This is a beta feature that must be enabled by the Semgrep team. The Semgrep team performs a one-time backfill of memories based on your triage feedback history.

Reviewer 2: @s-santillan The suggested memories require a backfill but auto memories are on for everyone. Also suggested memories will populate going forward. The backfill is merely to generated suggested Memories. We are planning to finish all the backfills for GA on June 12.

Author: I'll add that bit of nuance in, thanks!
